README.md, before:

# CoreGen Portal Graphical User Interface

## Getting Started

## Prerequisites
* C++11 Compiler (LLVM/Clang and GCC are tested)
* CMake 3.4.3+
* CoreGen

## Building

The majority of the CoreGen Portal library and tool 
dependencies are satisfied by either by CoreGen or 
by the wxWidgets GUI interface library.  wxWidgets 
comes packages as various different libraries depending 
upon the target build target (and the respective platform GUI). 
Generally speaking, the CoreGen Portal package is built 
using the following steps: 

1. Clone the CoreGenPortal repository.  There are currently no git dependencies
1. Create a ``build`` directory within the CoreGen source tree (and change to that directory)
1. Execute cmake to generate the target-specific makefiles
1. Execute the build

### Ubuntu

We currently support building and installing on LTS versions of Ubuntu.  While it
is certainly possible to build/install on intermediate release and/or development
versions, we do not currently test these scenarios.

#### Ubuntu 16.04
1. Install the system dependencies
```
sudo apt-get install libwxgtk3.0-0v5 libwxgtk3.0-dev libwxgtk3.0-gtk3-0v5 libwxgtk3.0-gtk3-dev
```
1. Clone the CoreGenPortal repository
```
git clone https://github.com/opensocsysarch/CoreGenPortal.git
```
1. Setup your build tree
```
cd CoreGenPortal
mkdir build
cd build
```
1. Execute CMake to generate the makefiles
```
cmake ../
```
1. Execute the build
```
make
```

#### Ubuntu 18.04
1. Install the system dependencies
```
sudo apt-get install libwxgtk3.0-0v5 libwxgtk3.0-dev libwxgtk3.0-gtk3-0v5 libwxgtk3.0-gtk3-dev
```
1. Clone the CoreGenPortal repository
```
git clone https://github.com/opensocsysarch/CoreGenPortal.git
```
1. Setup your build tree
```
cd CoreGenPortal
mkdir build
cd build
```
1. Execute CMake to generate the makefiles
```
cmake ../
```
1. Execute the build
```
make
```

### Centos7

1. Install the EPEL repository (required to pull the wxGTK3 RPMs).
```
wget https://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/7/x86_64/Packages/e/epel-release-7-11.noarch.rpm
sudo rpm -Uvh epel-release-7-11.noarch.rpm
```
1. Install the system dependencies:
```
sudo yum -y install wxGTK3 wxGTK3-devel
```
1. Clone the CoreGenPortal repository
```
git clone https://github.com/opensocsysarch/CoreGenPortal.git
```
1. Setup your build tree
```
cd CoreGenPortal
mkdir build
cd build
```
1. Execute CMake to generate the makefiles
```
cmake ../
```
1. Execute the build
```
make
```

### Darwin (OSX)

1. Install the homebrew package: https://brew.sh/
1. Install the ``wxmac`` package system dependency for wxWidgets
```
brew install wxmac
```
1. Clone the CoreGenPortal repository
```
git clone https://github.com/opensocsysarch/CoreGenPortal.git
```
1. Setup your build tree
```
cd CoreGenPortal
mkdir build
cd build
```
1. Execute CMake to generate the makefiles
```
cmake ../
```
1. Execute the build
```
make
```

## CMake Build Options

### Standard Build Options
* -DCMAKE\_BUILD\_TYPE=Release : Builds a release build with optimization (Default)
* -DCMAKE\_BUILD\_TYPE=Debug : Builds with debugging options (-O0 -g, etc)
* -DCMAKE\_INSTALL\_PREFIX=/path/to/install : Forces alternate install locations
- -DCOREGEN\_INSTALL\_PATH=/path/to/coregen/install : The default is /opt/coregen

### Documentation Options
* -DBUILD\_DOCUMENTATION=ON  : Enables Doxygenized documentaition.  ``make doc`` will build the documentation (requires Doxygen to be installed)

### Developer Build Options
* -DYAML\_PATH=/path/to/alternate/yaml-cpp : Set an alternate yaml-cpp library path
* -DCOREGEN\_BUILD\_RPM=ON : Enable RPM builds (CentOS)
* -DCOREGEN\_BUILD\_DEB=ON : Enable DEB builds (Ubuntu)
* -DCOREGEN\_BUILD\_DMG=ON : Enable DMG builds (Darwin)
* -DCOREGEN\_BUILD\_TGZ=ON : Enable TGZ builds (generic)

### Debugging Options
* -DBUILD\_COREGEN\_MEMORY\_SANITY=ON : Enables Clang's memory sanitizer testing.  You MUST be uses Clang as your target C++ compiler!!

## Contributing

## Testing

## License
CoreGenPortal is licensed under an Apache-style license - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

## External Packages
* None at this time

## Authors
* *John Leidel* - *Chief Scientist* - [Tactical Computing Labs](http://www.tactcomplabs.com)
* *Frank Conlon* - *Research Engineer* - [Tactical Computing Labs](http://www.tactcomplabs.com)

## Acknowledgements
* None at this time

Commit message:

updating build instructions for centos

README.md, after:

# CoreGen Portal Graphical User Interface

## Getting Started

## Prerequisites
* C++11 Compiler (LLVM/Clang and GCC are tested)
* CMake 3.4.3+
* CoreGen

## Building

The majority of the CoreGen Portal library and tool 
dependencies are satisfied by either by CoreGen or 
by the wxWidgets GUI interface library.  wxWidgets 
comes packages as various different libraries depending 
upon the target build target (and the respective platform GUI). 
Generally speaking, the CoreGen Portal package is built 
using the following steps: 

1. Clone the CoreGenPortal repository.  There are currently no git dependencies
1. Create a ``build`` directory within the CoreGen source tree (and change to that directory)
1. Execute cmake to generate the target-specific makefiles
1. Execute the build

### Ubuntu

We currently support building and installing on LTS versions of Ubuntu.  While it
is certainly possible to build/install on intermediate release and/or development
versions, we do not currently test these scenarios.

#### Ubuntu 16.04
1. Install the system dependencies
```
sudo apt-get install libwxgtk3.0-0v5 libwxgtk3.0-dev libwxgtk3.0-gtk3-0v5 libwxgtk3.0-gtk3-dev
```
1. Clone the CoreGenPortal repository
```
git clone https://github.com/opensocsysarch/CoreGenPortal.git
```
1. Setup your build tree
```
cd CoreGenPortal
mkdir build
cd build
```
1. Execute CMake to generate the makefiles
```
cmake ../
```
1. Execute the build
```
make
```

#### Ubuntu 18.04
1. Install the system dependencies
```
sudo apt-get install libwxgtk3.0-0v5 libwxgtk3.0-dev libwxgtk3.0-gtk3-0v5 libwxgtk3.0-gtk3-dev
```
1. Clone the CoreGenPortal repository
```
git clone https://github.com/opensocsysarch/CoreGenPortal.git
```
1. Setup your build tree
```
cd CoreGenPortal
mkdir build
cd build
```
1. Execute CMake to generate the makefiles
```
cmake ../
```
1. Execute the build
```
make
```

### Centos7

Centos7 (CentOS 7.4, 1704) has somewhat of an older toolchain.  As a result,
the build requires some rather unique system packages.  Utilize the following
steps on vanilla CentOS 7.4 systems.

1. Install the EPEL repository (required to pull the wxGTK3 RPMs).
```
wget https://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/7/x86_64/Packages/e/epel-release-7-11.noarch.rpm
sudo rpm -Uvh epel-release-7-11.noarch.rpm
```
1. Install the system dependencies:
```
sudo yum -y install wxGTK3 wxGTK3-devel
```
1. [Optional] For those wishing to build CentOS7 RPMS, you also need the following packages.
```
sudo yum install rpm-build rpmdevtools
```
1. Enable the SCL LLVM environment (this will create a fresh bash shell with the correct paths)
``scl enable llvm-toolset-7 bash``
1. Clone the CoreGenPortal repository
```
git clone https://github.com/opensocsysarch/CoreGenPortal.git
```
1. Setup your build tree
```
cd CoreGenPortal
mkdir build
cd build
```
1. Execute CMake to generate the makefiles
```
cmake ../
```
1. Execute the build
```
make
```

### Darwin (OSX)

1. Install the homebrew package: https://brew.sh/
1. Install the ``wxmac`` package system dependency for wxWidgets
```
brew install wxmac
```
1. Clone the CoreGenPortal repository
```
git clone https://github.com/opensocsysarch/CoreGenPortal.git
```
1. Setup your build tree
```
cd CoreGenPortal
mkdir build
cd build
```
1. Execute CMake to generate the makefiles
```
cmake ../
```
1. Execute the build
```
make
```

## CMake Build Options

### Standard Build Options
* -DCMAKE\_BUILD\_TYPE=Release : Builds a release build with optimization (Default)
* -DCMAKE\_BUILD\_TYPE=Debug : Builds with debugging options (-O0 -g, etc)
* -DCMAKE\_INSTALL\_PREFIX=/path/to/install : Forces alternate install locations
- -DCOREGEN\_INSTALL\_PATH=/path/to/coregen/install : The default is /opt/coregen

### Documentation Options
* -DBUILD\_DOCUMENTATION=ON  : Enables Doxygenized documentaition.  ``make doc`` will build the documentation (requires Doxygen to be installed)

### Developer Build Options
* -DYAML\_PATH=/path/to/alternate/yaml-cpp : Set an alternate yaml-cpp library path
* -DCOREGEN\_BUILD\_RPM=ON : Enable RPM builds (CentOS)
* -DCOREGEN\_BUILD\_DEB=ON : Enable DEB builds (Ubuntu)
* -DCOREGEN\_BUILD\_DMG=ON : Enable DMG builds (Darwin)
* -DCOREGEN\_BUILD\_TGZ=ON : Enable TGZ builds (generic)

### Debugging Options
* -DBUILD\_COREGEN\_MEMORY\_SANITY=ON : Enables Clang's memory sanitizer testing.  You MUST be uses Clang as your target C++ compiler!!

## Contributing

## Testing

## License
CoreGenPortal is licensed under an Apache-style license - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

## External Packages
* None at this time

## Authors
* *John Leidel* - *Chief Scientist* - [Tactical Computing Labs](http://www.tactcomplabs.com)
* *Frank Conlon* - *Research Engineer* - [Tactical Computing Labs](http://www.tactcomplabs.com)

## Acknowledgements
* None at this time
